Good morning, sleepy heads. It is the
final day of testing the top 10 tourist
attractions in America. Yesterday, we
traveled all the way to the Grand Canyon
where we hiked and marveled at the best
views we have seen in our entire lives.
And today, we travel to Colorado to
watch a concert at Red Rocks
Amphitheater. It is considered by many
people to be the best concert venue in
America. It is once again a 4:00 a.m.
wake up to catch our flights. I am very
excited to travel to Denver, Colorado
with Haley. Fine, let's go to the
airport. After 10 days straight of
flying, I cannot believe we haven't been
delayed even once. And just when I'm
going to thank Shopify for sponsoring
this series, our flight gets delayed
severely. This is not good, y'all. This
is bad. This means we are at risk of
missing our concert.
>> Our interphone is not working. I'm not
able to communicate with the flight
attendants, and they're not even able to
communicate with me. Uh, we need to have
that fixed. We appreciate your patience.
I'll give you updates as I know. Thank
you.
>> Our flight has now been delayed nearly 2
hours. But this guy must be the real
deal cuz he walked on the plane and
within minutes we were boarding and in
the air on our way to Phoenix for a
connection. Our first flight is in the
wrong direction. But luckily I'm really
fast and we were able to get on our
flight to Colorado for the final tourist
attraction.
Yes, we got a rental car to drive
places. Alpha move.
The final bucket list day. Let's go to
Denver.
>> Let's go.
>> Despite our delayed flights, we made it
to Colorado with time to actually
explore before the concert. You already
know what that means. We're going to
find a cool structure downtown.
That is the state capital of Colorado.
We went inside. I bought stickers and a
postcard. Also, a guy offered to take a
picture of Haley and I when we were in
the middle. And
>> let's just say you went off. He kept
offering to take more and more photos
with different angles. Honestly, they're
all really impressive. So, thank you.
Today's episode is kind of like the road
trip Golden Gate Bridge episode where
it's a mixture of things. Number one,
Denver, Colorado. It's the Mile High
City. There's Rocky Mountains. It's
beautiful. Number two, Red Rocks
Amphitheater. This is a venue that
people visit even if there's not a
concert going on because that's how
beautiful it is. And number three, Lewis
Kapali. I can't believe we get to see
him live. He has so many bangers, like
exclusively hits. Our flight was late
getting here, so we don't have that much
time, unfortunately, to explore Denver.
However, first we need to go back there
and take a picture next to the 1m high
marker.
>> One mile.
>> We drove over to a cool shopping area in
downtown Denver called 16th Street. It's
a cool shopping area. They have a hat
store, so naturally, we entered with
intentions to purchase a hat. This one
is a Red Rocks hat.
We're going to Red Rocks later for a
concert.
>> Nice.
>> Yeah. Haley and I made it to the
shopping area. We just purchased head
accessories. Not a ton going on right
now because it just rained. It's kind of
raining a little bit still. Haley, this
is a surprise, but I got us a dinner
reservation at a really cool restaurant,
but it's at 400 p.m. because we have to
go to the concert kind of early. So,
>> I'm never mad about an early dinner.
>> Amen. We need some snacks to hold us
over. We're going to Target. Let's go.
Haley and I just got our snacks. Here's
what we picked up. I got a coconut water
as a beverage.
>> We both got portable protein packs.
>> I got a peanut butter perfect bar. And
of course, it is not a Target snack run
without Joyide. I found Fruity Zips and
Fruit Chews here. I have not been able
to find these this entire trip. As you
know by now, Joy Ride day is right
around the corner. It's June 13th.
Hopefully by now your calendars are
marked, you've RSVPd, and you're ready
to go to the store to set a new world
record. I'm going to be doing a 24-hour
live stream on Joyide Day on my channel
as we try to break this world record.
So, be there. It's going to be so fun.
It's me, Ryan, from the future. We're
working on the 24-hour live stream set
right now. It's going to be way cooler
and more built out on Joy Ride Day.
Almost 40,000 of you have already RSVPd
for Joyide Day. I'll see y'all this
Saturday for the coolest 24-hour live
stream ever. And if you go to Target,
look for this incap display. It has rare
Joyide flavors. It's the perfect photo
op. Shout out to all the Joyide runners
all around the country. Ohio, Texas, New
Jersey, New York, Tennessee, Florida.
The list goes on. Thank you so much.
We're going to go back to the car
because we have to drive to this dinner
restaurant.
>> Should we get jeans?
>> Oh, yes. The lady at the hat store did
say it was going to be really cold at
Red Rocks because it's higher elevation
and it's kind of a chilly day.
>> The way she looked at me when she saw my
shorts. I think it's highly recommended
I get some jeans.
>> Let's go shopping and then we're going
to dinner. Haley is very scared that it
will be cold and rainy at the concert
tonight, so she picked out some jeans.
Okay, the sun has decided to come out
here in Denver. We'll see if that lasts,
but we're going to drive to the dinner
restaurant. Haley has pants now. Let's
actually go.
>> Let's actually go.
>> We are listening to Louisis Kapali songs
and eating snacks on our way to the
restaurant. I know it's probably unwise
to eat snacks while actively embarking
to dinner, but we have had a very weird
diet on this entire trip, so please
don't judge us. We made it. It's that
pink building. Haley and I have arrived
to our dinner reservation and it is at
Kasa Bonita.
It's right next to a Dollar Tree and
Adventure Dental. I don't think I want
my dental vision and orthodontics to be
that adventurous.
>> Your dental and vision?
>> Yes, they do all three there.
>> Oh, that's nice. I do want that.
>> Luckily, we have a reservation. I'm not
going to tell you too much about this
restaurant.
>> Okay, fair enough. I mean, just looking
at the outside, I don't know what to
expect.
>> The sun came out. Maybe it's cuz we were
listening to Louisis Kapali.
His music's actually really sad, but he
does drop bangers. He only has bangers.
True. We walked into Kasa Bonito with an
open mind. I heard this restaurant is
full of surprises though, so I'm kind of
nervous. But that went away when I saw
how awesome it is in here. Haley and I
were seated in a booth near the back of
the restaurant and quickly served chips
and salsa. Kasaba Bonita is more like a
theme park than it is a restaurant.
Every 15 to 20 minutes, they have a new
type of fun going on. For example,
arcade and gaming, merchandise, and the
dude from South Park. Here's some
context. First of all, this is a 52,000
ft legendary Mexican restaurant. In
2003, South Park put it in one of its
episodes. 17 years later, the owners
filed for bankruptcy, but the creators
of South Park bought it and restored it
for $40 million. So yeah, there's also
great live music and people diving into
pools of water every 15 minutes.
>> Now I have a question for you, Ryan.
>> Okay.
>> Do you know what bunny that means?
>> Yeah, it means haley.
Beautiful. More like kasahaley.
More like kasahaley cuz that's
synonymous. They mean the same thing.
Things started getting a little awkward
and boring between Haley and I. So, I
decided to spice things up by doing a
little magic trick.
>> Wa!
>> You thought I disappeared.
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
>> You thought I
>> No, it looks really realistic.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Haley's on my side now.
>> Yes, I am. And I'm staring at these
glistening soapas.
>> These are the dessert that comes with
your meal. They look delicious. Let's
try.
M.
>> It's a fried dough with honey and
cinnamon sugar.
>> And it's delicious. Before we go to this
concert, I think it's a perfect time to
do superlatives.
>> M. I love superlatives.
>> Yes. We did this before we got to Hawaii
on the 50 State series. It's so fun to
reflect on the adventure that we just
had. So, number one, Haley, what is the
best meal that we ate on the entire
Bucket List series?
>> First, we ate barbecue at Disney. That
was delicious. And then we got Ben's
Chili Bowl in DC. That was unreal.
Gordon Ramsay's Fish and Chips also
stands out. Oh, Stationary and Carmemell
by the Sea.
>> And the Dodger dog definitely lived up
to the hype.
>> But the New York City dog lived up to
the hype even more.
>> I think we could have both agree Ben's
Chelly Bowl was the best meal.
>> Absolutely. As you speak with honey on
your face.
>> Best stranger we met.
>> Ooh,
>> I got to go with Jeff from Washington
DC, our bike tour guide. He was so cool.
>> But also Ben's mom at Ben's Chili Bowl.
She is 92 years old and she was cleaning
up our table for us.
>> Yes, they're neck and neck.
>> Honestly, it's a tie. Best souvenir that
we bought. Our favorite collectible.
>> I really did like my Mickey ears.
>> I got to go with my I survived New York
City shirt.
>> Yeah, that one's really good.
>> Favorite photo from the entire trip.
>> Ooh, honestly, I really like the photo
of us under the arch at Yellowstone.
>> Best view in America. Grand Canyon.
Yeah,
>> just as unbelievable as everyone makes
it out to be.
>> Most unexpected moment.
>> Honestly, how I felt watching Hamilton
when I was just sitting there crying. I
was like, "Wait a second. What's going
on?"
>> For me, I think it was the bison
crossing the road at Yellowstone.
>> Oh, that's a good moment, too.
>> I knew you were going to like that one.
We could sit here and reflect all day,
but you made scrapbook pages for each of
these days, so we can just do that for
the rest of our lives.
>> Yeah. And pass it down.
>> This has been so much fun. And I just
want to say again, thank you guys so
much for watching the series and hanging
out with us this summer. It's going to
end this concert and then we'll have our
rankings of the top 10 tourist
attractions in America. Just like that,
it's time for us to drive to Red Rocks
Amphitheater. This was delicious. Really
fun dinner. Let's go to a concert. In
just 17 minutes, Haley and I will be
arriving to our final tourist
attraction. To say we're nervous is an
understatement. The stakes are high
because today Haley and I will crown a
winner of the number one tourist
attraction in America. We are now seeing
Red Rocks in the distance, which can
only mean one thing. We've arrived,
y'all. We made it to Red Rocks
Amphitheater.
This right here, for example, is a Red
Rock. I don't know if that's the one. I
don't think it is. The amphitheater is
just up ahead. We're already hearing
noises that are musical, which is very
exciting. Also, yes, I just bought
merch. There was a trading post. They
had all kinds of cool stuff. I also got
magnets, pins, and this has to be the
coolest postcard yet, right? That is so
fun. I think it's made of wood.
>> Oh, it is. Yeah. Super thin.
>> Out of every single tourist attraction,
this one has the highest percentage of
fivestar reviews.
>> Wow.
>> So, what is all the hype about? Jenny
left a fivestar review and said,
"Amazing. amazed and in awe entire time.
Everything was perfect, even the moon.
Five stars. Well, don't get my hopes up.
>> Well, don't get my
>> Kristen's review is a little more
simple. This place rocks, lol. Laughing
emoji. Five stars.
>> Someone had to do it.
>> Somebody had to say it. It's sitting
right there. The opportunity to leave
that pun as a review and Kristen took
it.
>> Kristen got there first.
>> Red Ribbit said, "Ribbit, best music
video in the country. Did I mention it's
the best?" It's number one. Second to
none. Five stars. This is crazy, but I
think I just understood what second to
none meant for the first in my life.
>> That is pretty crazy. Uh, top two and
it's not two is a similar way to kind of
establish the same premise with a
different sort of approach.
>> That one clicks for me instantly. I like
that one.
>> Top two and I'm not two. I think the
venue is opening very soon. People are
in line. We should probably get in line
as well. Let's do this. It's a beautiful
evening for the final day. Even the walk
up to the entrance of this venue is a
beautiful experience. We caught up to
the crowds and scanned our tickets for
the concert. Look at this place, y'all.
There's already so many people here.
Being here in person is truly
remarkable. We got a photo for our
scrapbook before the legend himself
takes the stage. We have arrived to our
final tourist attraction of this series.
And look at this. Oh my gosh, that's
downtown Denver in the distance. We were
just there earlier. This series would
not have been possible without Shopify.
And I've had so much fun building my
bucket list boxes with souvenirs and
collectibles. And the final step of
building our store is to make it easy
for our customers to find it. That's why
I'm asking Sidekick for a domain name
that's available, affordable, and makes
sense for our store. Based on the
options, I think we should go with
bucket listboxes.com. I like that.
Luckily, Shopify makes it really easy to
purchase a new domain. And now, our
bucket list box store is live. There are
only 10 boxes. That's it. As you saw in
the last 10 episodes, it is so easy and
fun to build a store with Shopify. And
you can start your trial today at
shopify.com/ryan.
Thank you so much, Shopify. It's time
for the concert, gentlemen. I just went
to the concession stand and got Haley
and I hot dogs. It's going to put a
smile on her face. It's the simple
things, gentlemen. Come on, gentlemen.
Watch this.
>> Hot dogs.
>> Alpha, move.
>> Hot dogs at Red Rocks. I love you, baby.
Gosh, we have eaten more hot dogs in the
past 10 days than most people eat in a
year. I got this really cool time lapse
as we waited for a couple hours for
Louis Kapali. And as the rain came down,
Haley felt validated.
>> Good thing I'm not in short.
>> Thank goodness Haley got jeans.
>> And suddenly, through the fog, Lewis
Kapali is ready to take the stage.
>> Something has happened.
Usually, I'd be singing by then.
>> Something technological has gone wrong.
>> He said he's going to do the cool
dramatic intro again and that we're
going to act like the technical error
never happened.
>> That's what's going to happen. You never
I was never here.
>> I love him.
>> Yeah, he's so funny.
>> And now, under the moonlight, it's Lewis
Kapali time.
>> This is Marathy.
Louis told us he's going to perform
acoustically, which is fine by me. He
has an amazing voice. Here we go.
>> But I hope
you
Oh my lord. Oh my lord. I need you by
>> Wow, guys. Here we are. the cinematic
outro of the 2026 summer series.
>> The past two summers have been
absolutely unforgettable. Thanks to you
and thanks to my best friend
>> talking about Haley.
>> We have pretty much explored America to
completion. I am so grateful to be able
to go on adventures like these and make
memories that we can share with our
friends and family for decades. But the
real privilege is being able to share
them with you. And I mean that. I
remember when I started posting on this
channel almost 10 years ago. I dreamed
of moments like this one where I get to
turn ideas into videos into memories.
We ranked Red Rocks at number seven and
we completed our final stamp. I'm going
to miss doing this. And that means our
number one tourist attraction in America
is the Grand Canyon.
Take care, guys. See you soon.